Impulser accepts Click, serial line interrupt, timing system impulse,
whatever and logs a finish time impulse. On receipt of update notice,
adds recent activity to running update view.

Recorder accepts bib numbers or notice placards ('999' etc.),
logs. IFF COMPLETELY UNAMBIGUOUS, MIGHT match next finish impulse and
broadcast an update notice.

Editor handles matchup of ambiguous cases.

"Sequel Pro" is ad-hoc database manipulator, let's be careful out
there.


All TODO

B Broadcast notifier for updates

B Explore caching GetAttr results by row

B Q for Charlie: finish corral handling of multi-lap competitors

C HD camera on start for bib verification, in case of questions?

A [Done] All times manipulated as naive datetime.datetime values in local TZ,
and stored as db datetimes with separate ms field.  FULL DATES.
A [Done] Can't order by impulse.id: DuplicateImpulse screws this up, as it
can be done after other impulses have come in.
A [Done] Db.Scan's backref is order_by=id -- what impact this? Should be
"none" as multiple scans for the same impulse aren't possible (I
think) as impulses.id is a ForeignKey constraint on Scan and a primary
key (so unique) on Impulse. Check though...


Editor TODO

A Disallow assigning across "empty corral" marker

B No need to see dates

B Context-menu items into regular menus too

B Validations: no impulses.erased assigned to scans, no impulses
assigned to scans, no scans unassigned, ID multiple impulses
on one bib (laps), no impulses assigned to earlier scans, more? 

C Save, track needs save; not sure SetCellValue works in all (any)
cases. See editor.py SaveNewValue for eg

C Undo/Redo: List of bibs for undo, list of broken assignments for redo,
and insert/delete.  impulses.erased

A [done] Row labels are impulse_id or scan_id for scan-only lines.
B [done] Run over MySQL
C [wontdo] On tableresults retrieve -- Consider interleave via sort after fetch.
A [done] Honor impulses.erased, add to operations


Impulser TODO

A impulses.erased column, click on row to set it (and gray it out)

B No need to see dates

C Sizing: column widths follow contents, initial window width follows
columns, subsequent column widths follow window width proportionately.

